Good afternoon
Greetings from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky,
where are you from
Vorkuta now? So I live in St. Petersburg,
earn money as a child, no
dissertation, I traveled to write
some kind of historian, political scientist, no.
and so on,
I can just learn by
birth,
not that it’s necessary to come from here, there are
roots from here
Courtney My parents are migrants
born so
Kazakhstan on both sides, my ancestors
are from Ukraine,
my mother comes from my grandmother from
Ukraine Grandmother’s grandfather’s roots and my
father has the same situation  grandmother
in general on the paternal side grandmother is
sore when Vorkuta, I understand that
it was somewhere someone was repressed
Most likely And so on, but so
they go out in Kazakhstan then from
Kazakhstan to Ukraine in Ukraine lived for 12
years and in 14 what  you have a
dissertation topic dissertation topic integration of
new regions composition of Russia
it is necessary to sit in these new ones
actually in n  the new topic was changed, that
is, he didn’t initially have a different one, but
there is a
right to a radical movement in Russia, you
investigated these Nazis of all sorts Well,
how I just have a bunch of friends of former
Nazis
And then it turns out that I went in the fall
Volunteers, so I returned and my
scientific instructor with such eyes
Well  It doesn't matter,
so I went Volunteers returned On
me with such eyes like I actually
thought that you would not return, but since you
have returned Let's
change the subject because I don't really
like your topic I agreed to this
case we chose the topic of
my travels I  as I understand it, you will
support the special operation once such a
topic was given there Well, yes, of course, you, as a
political scientist, are writing a dissertation on the
integration of new regions Tell me the
section on the integration of the city of Kherson in the
Russian Federation
area
part of the Luhansk area
there is not much of a piece,
but this is a border tower pa  you
should already have a theory Because when they
release your theories right away in
life Yes, how do you
see the integration of the city of Kherson, the city of
Zaporozhye, for example, into
this region in the Russian Federation,
in fact, everything will simply be
replaced by the entire bureaucratic current with the former ones
with the promise that it will be easier
in order to replace the
top officials, we must first somehow
replace the Ukrainian military with
Russian ones there, well, we are
talking about the next
integration process, because the theme of my
work is exclusively related to
integration
and data. You go out, for example, you don’t
know what the result will be  war So
maybe, for example, Kherson will be erased into nuclear ashes there,
for example, So maybe that
is, from what initial data are you
going to just everything, just look
firstly, this is a process that is already underway,
that is, I can already write about
what is there somewhere  they appointed some top
officials there, then there, they
pass such laws, that is, I
can already write about this in the second  We have
experience in Crimea, that is, let's say this in
science. Everything just sees something similar
that this is how it most likely will be by the
way
. You write this situation. I just will.
You write a dissertation.
secondly,
why
Well, because it won’t win, it can win,
or maybe it wasn’t a mouse, I don’t know,
it’s like, look, I’ll explain it attacked the
fingers of this, it’s possible that
an agreement
is possible, an agreement is possible That is,
when we leave some kind of status quo And
then it’s all the same  at least Donetsk
Luhansk, he will remain for Russia, was
it an agreement or that
Kherson is not a necessary measure Well, you
yourself also that Ukraine and NATO and also
will be forced to make a necessary measure in Crimea,
as we see as we see This
is a lot of fun for you
and it makes sense  what amuses me a lot
Let
me amuse This is gaiety
because look The
trick is that it is not in my country that they
rake in people,
even
convicts by force
in your country no Where are the hostilities now taking place on the territory of Ukraine Tell me on the territory of Ukraine if you think according to the Constitution you don’t go to the territory of Ukraine Ukrainians we occupied your Kherson So we occupy further than your territory it turns out and you say you can’t protect That is, if Putin introduced Okay, once we knocked you out of the Kyiv region of Sumy Kharkov, but then you held a kind of referendum and said Everything is now this territory of Russia, it is protected by nuclear doctrine, yes, ours said Go to hell and take your Liman, you said Oh, this still doesn’t count because yet Putin did not sign the decree Putin signed the decree we took Kherson you said oh We crap hey damn political scientist who is writing a dissertation on the integration of the new occupied territories in the Russian Federation could not stand it badge-fly now I really decided in two years like to defend myself until the summer  in short, it won’t take place
anymore, I don’t know it will be from the Cascade Type, so from the
plate more
yes, Russia officially accepted as part of the
Republic of Northern All of us will do nothing now
because the attack on
Russia is a nuclear strike and that it is
shorter than their
farts are torn into a nuclear strike Damn
Stunned  I enjoy such moments
shorter than delivery like subscribe to the
channel who didn’t subscribe Damn I don’t know I
think it’s
really malt
damn class class just
like that before shooting knockout undermining
deny negative integration
handsome political scientist Damn it’s a
pity step In short dude I’m a
man political scientist from Vorkuta if you
listen to this video somewhere, please hear it
, contact me, so
maybe we
even talked to some ladies for a fee, and we’ll think something,
so really, I finally didn’t find some kind of
Russian cattle like I found in this in chat
roulette A  a political scientist a political scientist who
writes a dissertation on such a painful topic
for all of us is really a person with
whom one can
scientifically based fact  ah talk It's
very please contact me but I
'm waiting for you